Issue template: force using latest version, CLI (#3143)
scalameta/scalafmt: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE.md

This template is mostly a guideline, not a strict requirement.

> Strict requirements: 
> - explicitly using the latest version of `scalafmt`
> - using the `scalafmt` CLI: `https://scalameta.org/scalafmt/docs/installation.html#cli`

Reviewer: We do have `This template is mostly a guideline, not a strict requirement.` and then we have strict requirements :sweat_smile: 

I would reword this to:
```suggestion
Please make sure that the issue is observable using the latest version of `scalafmt` and within the `scalafmt` CLI: `https://scalameta.org/scalafmt/docs/installation.html#cli`
```

Author: done, suggestion accepted as-is.

Author: > We do have `This template is mostly a guideline, not a strict requirement.` and then we have strict requirements 😅

that was why I added `mostly`. a couple of things are strict, the rest is not.
